For you
Light Rain Light Rain
That's not what happened.
Let me explain.
It just so happens that I don't want to go home either.
You go and make it clear with your home.
We will all be girls
Xiaoming, don't do this.
I have a code in my heart
Qin Baoshan, since you and Gu Yiming are in love
I'll make it clear to my parents.
Let you get married
Sister, don't be so angry
Since you like Yiming so much
Are you me in the end?
Sure enough, it is exactly the same as the necklace in Mr. Ji's hand.
It seems that Qin Shiyu is the person he is looking for
Beijingers
Brother Li Ming, do you want to cooperate with Documentary Group?
Help me if you want
In fact, it is no different from Mr. Gu's romance.